For example this 40 400 series router may have modules installed such as in this bottom example or may
not have modules installed.
So when the route boots up it's got to determine what interfaces it has inserted what modules are available
how much RAM is available and various other components.
You could even install a UCSC survey into a rodded today.
So when the rocket boots up it needs to determine what's physically installed and available on the router.
So the power on self test will test the basic functionality of the rod hardware to determine whether
it's working determined whether it's supported and determine which components are present.
As an example you may have mistakenly inserted a voice interface card into wanting to face card slot
voice interface cause of Vicks may need to be inserted into specific modules and you may have inserted
the wrong card into the wrong module on a router so it needs to do this power on self-test to determine
what's installed and where the things are installed correctly and working correctly.
Run monitor includes a low level operating system that is used for troubleshooting possible recovery
and testing.
This is different to the standard Rato operating system and doesn't support routing.
You could use Ramona's as an example to download a router operating system.
If there's none available on the router or you could use Romagna to do a password recovery which I'll
demonstrate in this course.